# My first Information System Project for school was a mobile-based application to connect Pet owners to Pet-care service-providers. 

# Abstract
The pet industry, an ever-growing sector in the Kenyan economy constitutes pet-animal groomers, walkers, educators, health-care providers and more. This industry having been fueled by the COVID-19 pandemic, is growing fast notably due to the loneliness that the pandemic evoked brought on by the lockdowns and quarantines; causing Kenyans to seek out furry companions. Consequently, this has led to a growth in petCare economic opportunities. Services, especially pet-food and healthcare have never seen a higher demand. Complementary petCare services such as dog-walking and pet-grooming are typically carried out by informal actors whom often face significant roadblocks to maximizing their financial benefits. These actors who often live on the outskirts of Nairobi often travel long distances to provide petCare services. Costs for such people need to be minimized but often transportation costs are exceedingly eating into their ability to earn considerable profits. An urge to support this cause to enhance sustainability in the pet-animal industry has thus bloomed. This project seeks to critique and review current information systems that support this cause that claim to be enhancing petCare so as to inform the creation of a robust pet-support Information System. The objective is to seamlessly connect pet service providers to nearby pet owners. The system shall prioritize the distance one service provider has to travel to provide petCare services with a focus on dog-walkers and groomers. Think of it as ‘Uber for Pets’ so that by acknowledging user locations, the app can only suggest pet service providers that are closest to the service seeker, the pet owner. Ultimately, the application should grow into a safe platform that enhances the level of convenience of owning a pet. The Kenyan studies surrounding this industry have focused on healthcare and failed to address the daily and complementary activities, events and decisions surrounding pet care. Therefore, there is an appreciable gap left in Kenya where an unstructured way of operating daily pet care opertations leaves pets and petCare service providers vulnerable. This project shall be carried out using Scrum Agile Methodology to support teamwork, efficiency and efficacy within the limited time constraint.
